docs(self-managed): add Identity contextPath in sm troubleshooting (#2218)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.2/self-managed/platform-deployment/troubleshooting.md

> There is a gap between TLS features supported by various Ingress controllers. Please refer to documentation on nginx, GCE, or any other platform specific Ingress controller to understand how TLS works in your environment.

> Therefore, if you are not using the [Ingress-NGINX controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), ensure you pay attention to TLS configuration of the Ingress controller of your choice. Find more details about the Zeebe Ingress setup in the [Kubernetes platforms supported by Camunda](./helm-kubernetes/platforms/platforms.md). Please note also that the contextPath doesn't work in browser Incognito mode.

Reviewer: I think here I would use a slightly more positive tone, IMO `doesn't work` implies that something is broken or neglected whereas the limitation here is imposed on us by the technologies in use. 

```suggestion
Therefore, if you are not using the [Ingress-NGINX controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), ensure you pay attention to TLS configuration of the Ingress controller of your choice. Find more details about the Zeebe Ingress setup in the [Kubernetes platforms supported by Camunda](./helm-kubernetes/platforms/platforms.md). 

:::note
Due to limitations, the contextPath approach is unavailable when using a browser Incognito mode.
:::
```
